hello dear friends here from maikel jc
as always commenting and good today I'm going
to play art
and good die hard is a game based on
the movie of you remember the one who acts
to bruce willis the have in the jungle
of crystal ' 1
and for now who the fuck I am is the
Bruce Willis
and with that gesture oh shit I just
waste a bullet for how on how
I remove this is shit
it's called the fuck yeah yeah
worth the first thing the movement seems to be
that is only sideways good towards
the sides and forward because no
I can go for it is worth it
finished
shit on the whore shit on the whore
back but what the fuck is this, I'm
there if our king already fuck
I'm bullying bullets
shit but how I move is worth the
game is very good that you can
fucking mother fucking game like I'm leaving
is that I want to look look and I learned to
rotate the camera worth
ok I have finished the video how it
turn the camera
to the fockers motherfucker it is already
seriously, it 's a little frustrating
turn the camera in this game but a
little enough
it frustrates you fuck you life they turn you
a retarded child son of a bitch I think that
I'm you but damn
and already
I do not even know what the fuck I'm doing or
I do not know I do not know if I'm shooting him
good to someone or do not know that's what
fucked this game
vale vale I'm moving to teach
that seems like an absurd music video
it seems that suddenly it seems a version
of minecraft but uglier still what
The only thing that beats the main grows is the
character
the character is better this is okay but
is that it is absurd and also the character
it really is not that it is well done
It's a fucking photo
look how the arm rotates
does not have an elbow
well you only have shoulders I think you
a robot is turning the arm
what is the funny thing that the other hand the
has leverage because he does not use it to
nothing the other hand only moves when
let's look
we have discovered his elbow achievement of
team from now on we will win
my point of the team just for having
discovered the elbow of this equipment already
have come
is already able to give me the point of
put me to score what to rate this
game that I really do not know why but
good
If I have to rate what
well actually I think I 'm not going to
punctuate I will punctuate my sense of
the sight what is my sense of sight
the age 0.6 graphics because I'm
being blind look for the lamps
they are little red balls that with these yes
I want to be shot
Chupa Chups heads prefer to play
other games should be a video
playing minecraft to complain
also from the cubes those of the devil
but I do not have it but I do not understand
well how the subway is played is a fucking
mess with
my god but watch thriller thriller
night cnn in the sne in 2009 I'm going to the
shit because I do not have bullets
Fuck why do not you fuck the guy you got
it happened to say in the rs recharge
that dude pussy but you do not know how to hit him
but uncle is that you have him in front but
hit him the funny thing is that the guy did not know
move the one that you
look at this game it sucks not me
like nothing does not even have music by
not having no music or show are not
I go die !
die, die, die, die, son of
bitch come on later if you like my
videos you already know subscribe etc and give
to like and those little things and by the way this
uncle
percent if you have not seen the movie the
crystal jungle ' 1 you are already giving
to the pause of the video because I'm going to do the
final spoiler ok I'll tell you the
end of the movie so it is from albox that
Uncle is worth to him by the building of
pull and fall then safety on top of
a police car if I remember correctly and
I laughed a lot in that part of the movie
because that guy is a bastard a ladybug
a asshole a gil and whore and a damn
bastard
finish
see you later say goodbye to michael holt
efe gernika